l25_compiler/README.md, before:

# L25 Compiler (Basic)

This directory contains a simple compiler and interpreter for the L25 language
written in Python. In addition to the base features, it implements support for
one‑dimensional static arrays and simple structures (structs).

## Usage

```
python -m l25_compiler.main [options] <source.l25>
```

By default the program is interpreted directly. Additional options allow
inspection of intermediate stages:

- `--tokens` &ndash; output the token stream
- `--ast` &ndash; dump the parsed abstract syntax tree
- `--ir` &ndash; print a simplified intermediate representation
- `--tac` &ndash; emit linear three-address code
- `--no-run` &ndash; skip execution after generating the chosen outputs

## Testing

Three example programs are provided in the `examples` directory. You can run
one normally or request intermediate output:

```
python -m l25_compiler.main examples/factorial.l25

# show tokens and IR only
python -m l25_compiler.main --tokens --ir --tac --no-run \
    examples/factorial.l25
```

## Example Programs

- `factorial.l25`: Compute factorial of an integer.
- `fibonacci.l25`: Output Fibonacci sequence up to `n`.
- `sum.l25`: Sum numbers from 1 to `n`.
- `array_struct.l25`: Demonstrates arrays and structs.

Commit message:

Add pointer support and example

l25_compiler/README.md, after:

# L25 Compiler (Basic)

This directory contains a simple compiler and interpreter for the L25 language
written in Python. In addition to the base features, it implements support for
one‑dimensional static arrays, simple structures (structs), and basic
pointer operations (`&` address-of and `*` dereference).

## Usage

```
python -m l25_compiler.main [options] <source.l25>
```

By default the program is interpreted directly. Additional options allow
inspection of intermediate stages:

- `--tokens` &ndash; output the token stream
- `--ast` &ndash; dump the parsed abstract syntax tree
- `--ir` &ndash; print a simplified intermediate representation
- `--tac` &ndash; emit linear three-address code
- `--no-run` &ndash; skip execution after generating the chosen outputs

## Testing

Three example programs are provided in the `examples` directory. You can run
one normally or request intermediate output:

```
python -m l25_compiler.main examples/factorial.l25

# show tokens and IR only
python -m l25_compiler.main --tokens --ir --tac --no-run \
    examples/factorial.l25
```

## Example Programs

- `factorial.l25`: Compute factorial of an integer.
- `fibonacci.l25`: Output Fibonacci sequence up to `n`.
- `sum.l25`: Sum numbers from 1 to `n`.
- `array_struct.l25`: Demonstrates arrays and structs.
- `pointer.l25`: Demonstrates basic pointer usage.
